Blazor prerendering update (#15272)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/hosting-models.md

Rendering server components from a static HTML page isn't supported.

> ::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.1"

Reviewer: This content should apply equally to ASP.NET Core 3.0.

> When `RenderMode` is `ServerPrerendered`, the renderer waits until the client has completed the intial render of static HTML before rendering the final component. If a [lifecycle method](xref:blazor/components#lifecycle-methods) for initializing the component (`OnInitialized{Async}`) is present, the method is executed *twice*. The first render is made before the final data is received. The second render occurs after the final data is available. This can result in a noticeable change in the data displayed in the UI when the component is finally rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `RenderMode` is `ServerPrerendered`, the component is initially rendered statically as part of the page. Once the browser establish a connection back to the server, the component is rendered *again* and the component is now interactive. If a [lifecycle method](xref:blazor/components#lifecycle-methods) for initializing the component (`OnInitialized{Async}`) is present, the method is executed *twice*: once when the component is prerendered statically, and once after the server connection has been established. This can result in a noticeable change in the data displayed in the UI when the component is finally rendered.
```
